feat: add new `mc-scripts login` command (#2506)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/api-reference/cli.mdx

By default the application starts at `http://localhost:3001`.

## login

> This command enables users to log in to the merchant center service from the command line. 
> Upon login, an authentication token is stored on the user's computer's home directory. The token can be used to perform some operations in the merchant center through the CLI. 
> If no valid token is available on the computer, the login command requires an email and password to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command enables users to log in to their Merchant Center account through the CLI. An interactive prompt will be displayed asking the user to enter the login credentials.

Upon login, the user session token is stored in the user's home directory `$HOME/.commercetools/mc-credentials.json`. The session token will be used by other CLI commands that require a valid session token.
```
